content/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "Home"
+++

<img
    class="about"
    src="/hanno-braun.jpg"
    alt="picture of Hanno Braun" />

Hey, I'm Hanno! I'm a self-employed software developer and maker, living in the beautiful [Odenwald](/made-in-odenwald/2.jpg) region in Germany.


### Fornjot

I work on [Fornjot](https://www.fornjot.app/), an early-stage project to create a next-generation, code-first CAD application. I've been experimenting with this for years on the side, and it's now my main professional focus.

If you're interested, check out [Fornjot's website](https://www.fornjot.app/) or the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/hannobraun/Fornjot). If you want to support the project, [please consider sponsoring me](https://github.com/sponsors/hannobraun).


### Side Projects

I'm interested in making and small-scale manufacturing, and I'm working on a bunch of side projects related to that. [I used to make (and occasionally sell) notebooks](/products/notebook).

I'm also a big believer in open source, and do most of my work out in the open. Check out [my GitHub profile](https://github.com/hannobraun) to see what I'm up to.

Commit message:

Restore updates
I removed the updates a while ago, as part of a larger plan for updating
the website. I had planned some significant changes, but before I wanted
to do those, I wanted to migrate away from Zola. While I would have
liked to keep the updates in some form, I determined that they would
cause too much work during the migration. So I decided to remove them
instead.

In the meantime, I've decided to not do this migration. Instead, I'm
working on a complete rewrite, and plan to archive the old page. Keeping
the updates will no longer cause much work under the new plans, so here
they are, restored.

content/_index.md, after:

+++
title = "Home"
+++

<img
    class="about"
    src="/hanno-braun.jpg"
    alt="picture of Hanno Braun" />

Hey, I'm Hanno! I'm a self-employed software developer and maker, living in the beautiful [Odenwald](/made-in-odenwald/2.jpg) region in Germany.


### Fornjot

I work on [Fornjot](https://www.fornjot.app/), an early-stage project to create a next-generation, code-first CAD application. I've been experimenting with this for years on the side, and it's now my main professional focus.

If you're interested, check out [Fornjot's website](https://www.fornjot.app/) or the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/hannobraun/Fornjot). If you want to support the project, [please consider sponsoring me](https://github.com/sponsors/hannobraun).


### Side Projects

I'm interested in making and small-scale manufacturing, and I'm working on a bunch of side projects related to that. [I used to make (and occasionally sell) notebooks](/products/notebook).

I'm also a big believer in open source, and do most of my work out in the open. Check out [my GitHub profile](https://github.com/hannobraun) or read my [updates](/updates) to follow along.
