content/notes/notebook/index.md, before:

+++
title   = "Notebook"
date    = 2022-01-03
updated = 2022-11-01

[extra]
image = "original-build/notebook-closed.jpg"
intro = """
One day, I wanted to make a notebook. I liked it, so I made more. Then I got tired of it and stopped. This is an archive of the material that I published about this.
"""

[[extra.changes]]
date = 2022-11-01
text = """
This was originally the report of the first notebook build. Moved that to a sub-page, and turned this note into an archive page that gives an overview over my whole notebook-making adventure.
"""
+++

I started out with a single notebook. I published a <a href="/notes/notebook/original-build/">detailed report about this original build</a>. I made 6 notebooks overall, and created a page to present each one:

- <a href="/notes/notebook/1/">Notebook #1</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/2/">Notebook #2</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/3/">Notebook #3</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/4/">Notebook #4</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/5/">Notebook #5</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/6/">Notebook #6</a>

These notebooks were an open source hardware product (emphasis on *open source*, less so on the *hard* part). I collected all documentation on how to source materials and how to build them in a GitHub repository: {{ ext_link(text="https://github.com/hannobraun/notebooks", url="https://github.com/hannobraun/notebooks") }}

I eventually stopped making them. I didn't have the right tools, which made the process hard to control, tedious, and eventually frustrating. I didn't want to invest any more in tooling (either in the form of money or labor), so I decided to call it quits.

Overall, it was a fun experiment on how to manufacture a specific kind of product. I even sold a few, which was a nice feeling. I hope to eventually repeat that, but probably with something else.

Commit message:

Restore updates
I removed the updates a while ago, as part of a larger plan for updating
the website. I had planned some significant changes, but before I wanted
to do those, I wanted to migrate away from Zola. While I would have
liked to keep the updates in some form, I determined that they would
cause too much work during the migration. So I decided to remove them
instead.

In the meantime, I've decided to not do this migration. Instead, I'm
working on a complete rewrite, and plan to archive the old page. Keeping
the updates will no longer cause much work under the new plans, so here
they are, restored.

content/notes/notebook/index.md, after:

+++
title   = "Notebook"
date    = 2022-01-03
updated = 2022-11-01

[extra]
image = "original-build/notebook-closed.jpg"
intro = """
One day, I wanted to make a notebook. I liked it, so I made more. Then I got tired of it and stopped. This is an archive of the material that I published about this.
"""

[[extra.changes]]
date = 2022-11-01
text = """
This was originally the report of the first notebook build. Moved that to a sub-page, and turned this note into an archive page that gives an overview over my whole notebook-making adventure.
"""
+++

I started out with a single notebook. I published a <a href="/notes/notebook/original-build/">detailed report about this original build</a>. I made 6 notebooks overall, and created a page to present each one:

- <a href="/notes/notebook/1/">Notebook #1</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/2/">Notebook #2</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/3/">Notebook #3</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/4/">Notebook #4</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/5/">Notebook #5</a>
- <a href="/notes/notebook/6/">Notebook #6</a>

These notebooks were an open source hardware product (emphasis on *open source*, less so on the *hard* part). I collected all documentation on how to source materials and how to build them in a GitHub repository: {{ ext_link(text="https://github.com/hannobraun/notebooks", url="https://github.com/hannobraun/notebooks") }}

I also posted <a href="/updates/">updates about about the process on this site</a>, whenever I made a bit of progress that I wanted to share.

I eventually stopped making them. I didn't have the right tools, which made the process hard to control, tedious, and eventually frustrating. I didn't want to invest any more in tooling (either in the form of money or labor), so I decided to call it quits.

Overall, it was a fun experiment on how to manufacture a specific kind of product. I even sold a few, which was a nice feeling. I hope to eventually repeat that, but probably with something else.
